Now let's take a quick break from Terry and actually implement the view for comments inside an individual
blog post so you can see that we are already displaying the amount of comments under each blog post
on the blog post list.
But when you go into our particular blog post we can't really read those comments.
And we know that we have some because we can see that there are at least six comments for the first
blog post which happens to have ideas of two.
So it will all depend on your actual database and how you insert that this blog post.
So mind that you really have to use the ideas that you have inside the database and you can easily check
that out using BHP my admin or any other client that you are using.
So now let's go back to the Visual Studio code and open the terminal.
You can use the shortcut.
You can see on the screen and let's enlarge it using this button.
So we will run thinker to see if how we wanted to do it actually works.
So we can fetch a blog post with the comments using that with static methods and we specify what relation
do we want and it's comments.
If you remember that the blog post actually has this relation so it's defined here comments and then
let's open the post controller and now let's check out how we actually fetch this blog post.
So in this case we use the find or fail static method which if you remember is trying to fetch a blog
post or any other model using the specified I.D..
But if it won't find this model in the database it will just read the redirect you to the 404 not found
page so we can actually use that.
So we can try to fetch the blog post together with comments so we won't have to make another query when
we will actually be displaying these comments on their blog posts view and call find or fail.
So let's try to fetch a blog post that actually has comments in our case it's blog post with I.T. too
might be different on your machine so check that out.
Find out failed to and voila you can see that we have the blog post fetched and actually it immediately
has fetch the comments relation.
So we have all the comments and it's all done at once.
So we will actually implement that.
So let's modify this show method
so we are fetching the blog post with comments and then using find or fail to actually get it from the
database.
Now let's go to our viewer so views are inside their resources views posts folder specifically for our
posts and we have that inside our show show blade BHP that's our template to display our particular
blog post.
Now let's also take a quick look at the index template where we use this for else directive to iterate
over all the elements from the collection and additionally to display a message.
When it was empty because it might happen that there are no comments yet added for our particular blog
post.
OK so let's start doing that.
So we should probably start with a header saying that there are comments.
Now let's take a look.
If that still works so we have this header
and then we'll use our directive for LS and since we have fetch the comments together with our blog
post we can immediately use comments property which already has the collection preloaded so we use for
each post comments us comment.
And here will echo Holder comments.
But if this would be empty we can echo some additional message like no comments yet
and let's close this using.
And for Ellis now when we actually have some comments we need to display them.
So let's use paragraphs for that
and now this would be very simple since our comment only has content.
Let's display it and we can additionally display that date where this was added.
So comment create it out mind that we are just using the standard time stamps that we get added to all
of our models and now we'll use the same method of the carbon object which is always used as the date
for our models and we'll use this nice diff for humans method to display this as how much time has passed
since that comment was added.
Okay let's save the changes and now see if we can see a list of all the comments.
Refresh this page and we have that so we have a list of all the comments with the content that was added
to it.
So if it if it's not really readable and it doesn't look like it is we can additionally add the date
to a second paragraph.
So let's cut and paste it here.
And since we are already using Bootstrap we can use this class text method which will make this text
Gray.
Now it looks a little bit better.
So now you should be much more readable.
Let's also check other blog posts and yes it is working.
And also for the blog post that do not have any comments yet we get this message.
No comments yet.